O
take the sheep as far as the colored ones this basic concept of
migratory beekeeping
a technique of management of hives that allowed a very
production.
but also obliges the beekeeper to invest more in infrastructure and in
operation
to balance the main advantage and is the increase of production with the highest
disadvantage that is the increase of costs the beekeeper will have to use techniques
intensive courses that will be presented in this video course
we are going to make a comparative study between conventional and friendly agriculture
actors
describing the necessary human and material resources
until arrive
the strategies of operation and logistics
management of hives in the full mid-morning
crops
in an economic analysis of the activity
the technical coordinator will be proteus by paulo sérgio costa to university
Southwestern state of Bahia in conquest victory
specialist in art and culture
professor paulo has developed several research projects on the web
and is one of the main Bahian institutions teaching
contributing to the development of beekeeping in the bay and other states
the courses a promotion as well as a poor course of course mistakes
they are bigger
the driver will have here is to get an eco sport plate for your little ones
hives
he will have to take into account with a greater number of residents his help
m
1 little
production support and it will have
to compensate for this high cost
he passed by